1And they can also sense their motion and tilt .
2And they can also notice their motion and tilt .
3And they can also change their feelings and tilt .
4And they cannot answer their feelings and actions .

1I would prefer to keep doing this work that I love .
2I would like to keep doing this work that I love .
3I would like to keep doing this work that I do .
4We would like to keep teaching this work that we do .


1You know , nothing is possible in this fishbowl .
2You know , everything is possible in this fishbowl .
3You know , everything is useful in this world .
4We know everything is useful in this world .


1There was a time when jeans came in one flavor , and you bought them , and they fit like crap , they were incredibly uncomfortable , if you wore them and washed them enough times , they started to feel OK .
2There was a time when shirts came in one flavor , and you bought them , and they did not fit well , they were incredibly uncomfortable , if you wore them and washed them enough times , they started to feel OK .
3There was a time when shirts came in one flavor , and you threw them away , and they did not fit well , they were slightly uncomfortable , if you wore them and never washed them  , they started to smell .
4Shirts always come in one flavor , therefore I throw them away , and they do not look good , they are always slightly uncomfortable , if you wore them and never changed them  , they started to smell .


1One of them is that with a lot of different salad dressings to choose from , if you buy one , and it s not perfect -- and what salad dressing is ?
2One of them is that with a lot of different bikes to choose from , if you buy one , and it s not perfect -- and what bike is ?
3One of them is that with a lot of different bikes to choose from , if you steal one , and it s broken -- and what bike is ?
4There are a lot of different bikes to choose from , if you steal one , and it s broken -- and what bike is ?

1There is one corner , by the way , that I m not going to tell anybody about , where the WiFi actually works .
2There is one store , by the way , that I m not going to tell anybody about , where the WiFi actually works .
3There is a store , by the way , that I m not going to tell anybody about , where the toilet does not work .
4He went to a store , by the way , that I m not going to visit , where the toilet does not work .

1His mother was incarcerated for the crime of being wealthy .
2His mother was incarcerated for the crime of loving her son .
3His mother was known for the crime of loving her son .
4She was known for the art of loving her son .
